for that reason while they were making these statements in the stack of the stack
a day a soccer match apparently to be in peace and calm calculation
he said the deputy director of prevention and social rehabilitation of the state but the
things went out of control
this ended today in a mess and unfortunately
the group
dead one person lost life the confirming aspersion two people
They lost their lives
very experienced of considerations did not come out today the ceprereso
a football game that was played
between inmates of the center for prevention and social rehabilitation of the battery
ended in a fight
with fatal balance of two dead
and ten injured
the first of the interns Juan Carlos Ruiz Slim
He died in the customs of the prison because of skull fracture and
policontusiones
while josé roberto de león loredo
to receive medical attention in the hospital of loneliness because of a strike
cardiorespiratory
and policontusiones
the undersecretary of prevention and social rehabilitation of the government
of the state
Valentin Reyes Díaz confirmed in interview
death of the two inmates and the existence of 10 injured
a well-known producer josé alberto el del lyon olivo
I have nothing to hide the cardiac respiratory arrest
the capital
after the fall of July 3 soon as we do not count
Luis Slim
also Carlos Slim the cybernetic with rib fractures
using
mentors
the state official
explained that the timely intervention of the body of custodians prevented the
fight
the riot will degenerate
and that the consequences could have been greater,
that the intervention was not necessary
of the state police
only the support of forensic services of the Attorney General's Office was requested
of Justice
in the state
the greatest of them days added that the agent of the public ministry of the jurisdiction
common gave testimony of the bodies of the inmates who lost their lives
and they started
the relevant investigations
to demarcate responsibilities however
affirmed that they will face as always the silence of the inmates
what hinders
the investigation
in this way apple tree mmmmmm programming
we must understand I can not identify myself clearly
by imposing a penal sanction number 1 of ponferrada
one year
since its founding it should be noted that injured inmates
is it so
out of danger for news channel 7
fall shark
in some information bético that support the governor of the state
fernando toranzo fernandez around the possible construction
of a maximum security criminal in the state this seems complicated to be able to
do
is interested in san luis potosí
will be complicated but it is a fact that interacts with the albos build a
maximum security penalty in Potosi territory
this was reported by the state governor fernando toranzo fernández who
He stressed that if it were done, it would help depressurize the Potosí prisons
that the federal organ everything is
then until it is determined determine at least 3 0 l
the possibility that we can count on land and that we can count on
the specific area was agreed upon the headquarters of messiahs that they have them
they raised for this alleged nation of two high penalties
federal security
but or not homosexual basement
that the precipitations that have requested from the federation that still
they are looking for is a problem for san luis potosí is to be able to have a place
where to send people who commit crimes of the federal order
However, he also acknowledged how the portal reported to be presented in the
been in place for that relevance
clarifying that it is attended are surface elements as far as possible
rodolfo román rodríguez ice speaker
news channel 7